Add Notices Documentation to Storybook and upgrade to Storybook 7 (#11524)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: assets/js/base/components/snackbar-list/docs/docs.mdx

import { Canvas, Meta, ArgTypes } from '@storybook/blocks';

import * as SnackbarListStories from '../stories/index.stories.tsx';
import * as SnackbarStories from '../stories/snackbar.stories.tsx';

<Meta name="Docs" of={ SnackbarListStories } />

# SnackbarList

> A temporary informational UI displayed at the bottom of store pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A temporary informational UI element displayed at the bottom of store pages.
```

<Canvas
	of={ SnackbarListStories.Default }
	layout="padded"
	className={ 'force-canvas-height' }
/>

## Design Guidelines

> The buyer notice snackbar is temporary informational UI displayed at the bottom of store pages. WooCommerce blocks, themes, and plugins all use snackbar notices to indicate the result of a successful action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snackbar is a temporary informational UI element displayed at the bottom of store pages. WooCommerce blocks, themes, and plugins all use snackbar notices to indicate the result of a successful action. For example, adding something to the cart.
```

Snackbar notices work in the same way as the NoticeBanner component, and support the same statuses and styles.

### Default Snackbars

> By default, noices are grey and used for less important messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, notices are grey and used for less important messaging.
```

<Canvas of={ SnackbarStories.Default } />

### Informational Snackbars

> Blue notices with an info icon are used for general information for buyers that are not blocking and do not require action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blue notices with an info icon are used for general information for buyers, but do not require action.
```

<Canvas of={ SnackbarStories.Info } />

### Error Snackbars

Red notices with an alert icon are used to show that an error has occurred and that the user needs to take action.

<Canvas of={ SnackbarStories.Error } />

### Success Snackbars

Green notices with a success icon are used to show an action was successful.

<Canvas of={ SnackbarStories.Success } />

### Warning Snackbars

Yellow notices with an alert icon are used to show that the user may need to take action, or needs to be aware of something important.

<Canvas of={ SnackbarStories.Warning } />

## Development Guidelines

The component consuming `SnackbarList` is responsible for managing the notices state. The `SnackbarList` component will automatically remove notices from the list when they are dismissed by the user using the provided `onRemove` callback, and also when the notice times out after 10000ms.

### Props

<ArgTypes />

### NoticeType

Each notice can be provided with the following args.

> -   The `id` prop is used to identify the notice and should be unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The `id` (required) prop is used to identify the notice and should be unique.
```

> -   The `content` prop is the content to display in the notice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The `content` (required) prop is the content to display in the notice.
```

-   The `status` prop is used to determine the color of the notice and the icon. Acceptable values are 'success', 'error', 'info', 'warning', and 'default'.
-   The `isDismissible` prop determines whether the notice can be dismissed by the user.
-   The `spokenMessage` prop is used to change the spoken message for assistive technology. If not provided, the `content` prop will be used as the spoken message.

### Usage example

To display snackbar notices, pass an array of `notices` to the `SnackbarList` component:

```jsx
import { SnackbarList } from '@woocommerce/base-components';

const notices = [
	{
        id: '1',
        content: 'This is a snackbar notice.',
        status: 'default',

>         isDismissible: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        isDismissible: true,
        spokenMessage: "Hello snackbar!"
```

Reviewer: Might as well include all the available props in the example.
